.\" ====================================================================
.\" Copyright (c) 2020 Coda team, Gregg Reynolds.  All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\" are met:
.\"
.\" 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\"
.\" 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
.\"    the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
.\"    distribution.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY
.\" EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OpenSSL PROJECT OR
.\" ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
.\" SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
.\" NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
.\" LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
.\" HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
.\" STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
.\" ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED
.\" OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\" ====================================================================
.\"
.Dd $Mdocdate: May 2 2020 $
.Dt CODA 1
.Os 
.Sh NAME
.Nm coda
.Nd Coda command line tool
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Ar command
.Op <args>
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm Coda
is ...
.Pp
The
.Nm
program is a command line tool for controlling various
aspects of ...
.Pp
.Pp
.Sh COMMANDS
Each command
.Po excepting
.Ar version
and
.Ar help
.Pc
is described in a separate manpage.
.Pp
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Cm coda-accounts(1)
Client commands concerning account management
.It Cm coda-client(1)
Lightweight client commands

.It Cm coda-advanced(1)
Advanced client commands

.It coda-daemon(8)
Coda daemon

.It coda-internal(1)
Internal commands

.It coda-parallel-worker(8)
Internal use only

.It coda-transaction-snark-profiler(1)
Transaction snark profiler

.It version
Print version information

.It help
Explain a given subcommand (perhaps recursively)
.El

.Sh IMPLEMENTATION NOTES
Implementation-specific notes should be kept here. This is useful when
implementing standard functions that may have side effects or notable
algorithmic implications.
.Sh ENVIRONMENT
The following environment variables affect the execution of the
.Nm
command:
.Bl -tag -width "/etc/ssl/openssl.cnf"
.It Ev CODA_PRIVKEY_PASS
Private key password.  See also
.Fl block-producer-password
.It CODA_CONFIG_FILE
Coda configuration file path. See also
.Fl config-file
.It OMP_NUM_THREADS
Number of threads to use for snark workers (Open MP).  See also
.Fl snark-worker-parallelism
.El
.Sh FILES
.Bl -tag -width "/foo/bar/width.cnf" -compact
.It Pa <config_dir>/daemon.json
.Pp
Configuration file.
.El
.Sh EXIT STATUS
Documents error messages. These are usually messages printed by
userland programs to the standard error output.
.Sh EXAMPLES
.Sh DIAGNOSTICS
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr coda-accounts 1 ,
.Xr coda-advanced 1 ,
.Xr coda-client 1 ,
.Xr coda-daemon 8 ,
.Sh STANDARDS
References any standards implemented or used. If not adhering to any
standards, the HISTORY section should be used instead.
.Sh HISTORY
A brief history of the subject, including where it was first
implemented, and when it was ported to or reimplemented for the
operating system at hand.
.Sh AUTHORS
.Sh CAVEATS
Common misuses and misunderstandings should be explained in this section.
.Sh BUGS
.Sh SECURITY CONSIDERATIONS
Avoid passing private keys on the command line, as they may be tracked
by command line history. Use the
.Ev CODA_PRIVKEY_PASS
environment variable instead.
.Pp
Running with
.Fl insecure-rest-server
is INSECURE! Only do this if your firewall is correctly configured.
